summaries/five-tribes.md, before:


##SETUP##

1. Give each player Camels and Turn Marker of same color
    * 1-2 players: 8 Camels & 1 Turn Marker
    * 3-4 players: 12 Blue/Pink Camels & 2 Turn Markers
2. Give each player 50 Gold Coins (9x 5 & 5x 1)
3. Shuffle 30 tiles and place randomly to make 5 x 6 grid
4. Mix all 90 meeples in bag, randomly draw 3 from the bag for each tile
5. Randomly place Turn Markers on the Bid Order Track
6. Shuffle Resource cards and draw 9 faceup in a row next to Resource draw pile
7. Shuffle Djinn cards and draw 3 faceup and place next to Djinn draw pile

##Game Turn##

1. Bid for Turn Order
2. Players Actions
    1. Move Turn Marker
    2. Move Meeples
        * Last Meeple Same Color
        * No Diagonal Movement
        * No Immediate Backtracking
    3. Tile Control Check
        * If all meeples are removed from a space it may be claimed if not already
    4. Tribes Action
        * Yellow Viziers: Place in front of you, worth VPs at Game End
        * White Elders: Place in front of you, worth VPS at Game End or buy/invoke Djinns
        * Green Merchants: Put in bag and take the resources from front of resource row for each one
        * Blue Builder: Put in bag, Gain gold
            * (number of surrounding/current blue tiles) x (number of builders + discarded slave/fakir cards)
        * Red Assassins: Put in bag and kill one meeple
            * (number of Assasins + discarded slave/fakir cards) tiles away equal to the number of assassins
            * Or 1 Yellow or 1 White meeple in front of a player
            * Discard slaves/fakirs to increase number of spaces, add 1 for each discarded
            * If you assassinate the last meeple on a space you may claim it if not already claimed
    5. Tile Actions
        * Oasis: Place palm tree on tile (Mandatory)
        * Village: Place palace on tile (Mandatory)
        * Small Market: Pay 3 gold to take 1 of the first 3 resource cards
        * Large Market: Pay 6 gold to take 2 of the first 6 resource cards
        * Sacred Places: Pay 2 Elders or 1 Elder & 1 Slave/Fakir to select a face up Djinn
    6. Merchandise Sale (Optional)
        * Sell unique sets of resources for gold (1-3-7-13-21-30-40-50-60)
3. Clean Up
    * Replenish Djinns & Resource Row

##GAME END##

End Game Conditions
  1. A player places their las camel
  2. No more legal Meeple moves

Commit message:

Added in victory point information

summaries/five-tribes.md, after:


##SETUP

1. Give each player Camels and Turn Marker of same color
    * 1-2 players: 8 Camels & 1 Turn Marker
    * 3-4 players: 12 Blue/Pink Camels & 2 Turn Markers
2. Give each player 50 Gold Coins (9x 5 & 5x 1)
3. Shuffle 30 tiles and place randomly to make 5 x 6 grid
4. Mix all 90 meeples in bag, randomly draw 3 from the bag for each tile
5. Randomly place Turn Markers on the Bid Order Track
6. Shuffle Resource cards and draw 9 faceup in a row next to Resource draw pile
7. Shuffle Djinn cards and draw 3 faceup and place next to Djinn draw pile

##Game Turn

1. Bid for Turn Order
2. Players Actions
    1. Move Turn Marker
    2. Move Meeples
        * Last Meeple Same Color
        * No Diagonal Movement
        * No Immediate Backtracking
    3. Tile Control Check
        * If all meeples are removed from a space it may be claimed if not already
    4. Tribes Action
        * Yellow Viziers: Place in front of you, worth VPs at Game End
        * White Elders: Place in front of you, worth VPS at Game End or buy/invoke Djinns
        * Green Merchants: Put in bag and take the resources from front of resource row for each one
        * Blue Builder: Put in bag, Gain gold
            * (number of surrounding/current blue tiles) x (number of builders + discarded slave/fakir cards)
        * Red Assassins: Put in bag and kill one meeple
            * (number of Assasins + discarded slave/fakir cards) tiles away equal to the number of assassins
            * Or 1 Yellow or 1 White meeple in front of a player
            * Discard slaves/fakirs to increase number of spaces, add 1 for each discarded
            * If you assassinate the last meeple on a space you may claim it if not already claimed
    5. Tile Actions
        * Oasis: Place palm tree on tile (Mandatory)
        * Village: Place palace on tile (Mandatory)
        * Small Market: Pay 3 gold to take 1 of the first 3 resource cards
        * Large Market: Pay 6 gold to take 2 of the first 6 resource cards
        * Sacred Places: Pay 2 Elders or 1 Elder & 1 Slave/Fakir to select a face up Djinn
    6. Merchandise Sale (Optional)
        * Sell unique sets of resources for gold (1-3-7-13-21-30-40-50-60)
3. Clean Up
    * Replenish Djinns & Resource Row

##GAME END

End Game Conditions
  1. A player places their las camel
  2. No more legal Meeple moves

##Victory Points
  1. 1 VP for each Gold
  2. 1 VP for each Yellow Vizzer
  3. 10 VP for each oppoent with less Yellow Vizzer
  4. 2 VP for each White Elder
  5. Sum of VP on your Djinns
  6. Sum of VP on your Claimed Tiles
  7. 3 VP for each Palm Tree on your Claimed Tiles
  8. 5 VP for each Palace on youy Claimed Tiles
  9. Sum of VP for your unique sets of resources
